What's wrong with you?
It's in your eyes.
I'm an autocrat.
Of course not.
You re best at collecting employee ideas.
Where is the authority?
A cold-blooded capitalist.
Not yet.
You are the best, warmest, happiest person with the owner.
Still one.
Leather Hook
God, I was wrong.
Don't be angry.
You can punish me whatever you want.
I admit it.
I dare not punish you.
If your husband knows
Then you won't find me here.
Husband
Master, did you say it wasn't Song Ye?
Why do you have more than one husband?
You're wrong.
I'm not married.
Fingernails
Well, last time I was afraid my dad was dragging me into an engagement.
So let's get a fake marriage certificate.
Let Song Ye pretend to be my husband.
What does Song Ye have to do with you?
That's your boyfriend.
Of course not.
Song Song is my good friend.
I work overtime with my friends every day.
How do we have time to love?
Really?
So I seem to have misunderstood.
I have no husband, no boyfriend.
And say no, you see how big the curvature of the corners of the mouth is.
No, I don't, you do.
- You're laughing at me.
So that's what I'm going to take you back to.
All right.
Three times twice seduced me